Fix links to smart contract packages + add Solidity examples to create custom permissions (#1149)
lukso-network/docs: docs/contracts/overview/DigitalAssets.md

- [`LSP7CappedSupply.sol`](../contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/extensions/LSP7CappedSupply.md): enable to specify a maximum supply on deployment / initialization, which cap the maximum amount of tokens that can be minted.

**LSP8 NFTs extensions:**

- [`LSP8Burnable.sol](../contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/extensions/LSP8Burnable.md)`: exposes a public `burn(...)` function that allows any NFT holder or operator to burn a specific NFT tokenId.
- [`LSP8CappedSupply.sol](../contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/extensions/LSP8CappedSupply.md)`: enable to specify a maximum supply on deployment / initialization, which cap the maximum amount of NFT that can be minted in the collection.
- [`LSP8Enumerable.sol](../contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/extensions/LSP8Enumerable.md)`: functionality to enumerate the list of NFTs in a collection.

If your token contract uses the proxy pattern with initialize functions, use the `InitAbstract` version of these extension contracts (\_e.g: `LSP7Burnable` -> `LSP7BurnableInitAbstract`).

## Custom logic for transfers

> The LSP7 and LSP8 implementations implement a `_beforeTokenTransfer` and `_afterTokenTransfer` function that enable to specify custom logic that can run before or after the token transfer has happen (= before or after the balances in the contract state have been updated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LSP7 and LSP8 implementations provide `_beforeTokenTransfer` and `_afterTokenTransfer` functions that grant the ability to specify custom logic that can run before or after the token transfer has happened (before or after the balances in the contract state have been updated).
```

I've removed equals sign from `(= ` as it looked like a typo.
